Add T2I-Adapter model and pipeline (#2555)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/controlling_generation.mdx

9. [Textual Inversion](#textual-inversion)
10. [ControlNet](#controlnet)
11. [Prompt Weighting](#prompt-weighting)

> 12. [Adapter](#adapter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. [T2I-Adapter](#t2i-adapter)
```

input. 

For a more in-detail explanation and examples, see [here](../using-diffusers/weighted_prompts).

> ## Adapter
> 
> [Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.08453)
> 
> [Adapter](../api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/adapter) is an auxiliary network which adds an extra condition.
> There are 7 canonical pre-trained ControlNets trained on different conditionings such as edge detection, sketch, 
> depth maps, and semantic segmentations.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## T2I-Adapter

[Paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.08453)

[Adapter](../api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/adapter) is an auxiliary network which adds an extra condition.
There are 8 canonical pre-trained adapters trained on different conditionings such as edge detection, sketch, 
depth maps, and semantic segmentations.

```
